Documentation update (#99)
eclipse-velocitas/velocitas-docs: content/en/docs/about/use_cases/seat_adjuster/_index.md

  Provides option to request a new seat position and to publish the current seat position
---

In the scenario of a car sharing company, the goal is to provide the functionality of automatically adjusting the driver's seat position based on their preferred settings stored in their profile. When the driver unlocks the car, a request is sent to the vehicle to retrieve the preferred seat position. This is where your implementation begins.
 

> The _Seat Adjuster Vehicle App_ receives a MQTT message containing the seat position, which then triggers a seat adjustment command through the _Seat Service_ to change the seat position. Additionally, to ensure convenience for future trips, the car sharing company saves the driver's preferred seat position and utilizes it accordingly. _The Seat Adjuster Vehicle App_ subscribes to the seat position, receiving updates from the _Data Broker_, which streams data from the _Seat Service_.

Reviewer: Hmh, here I think, we should remove the service mention. The fact that the seat position is adjusted by the seat service is of minor importance as it is "hidden" behind the data broker.
```suggestion
The _Seat Adjuster Vehicle App_ receives a MQTT message containing the desired seat position. Hereupon, it triggers a seat adjustment by sending a _set_ request with the desired position of the driver seat to the _Data Broker_. The Data Broker forwards this data to the _Seat Service_ to care for the actual seat adjustment.

Additionally, to ensure convenience for future trips, the car sharing company saves the driver's preferred seat position and utilizes it accordingly. _The Seat Adjuster Vehicle App_ subscribes to the seat position at the _Data Broker_ in order to receive updates of this data, streamed from the _Seat Service_ via the Data Broker.
```
